// Module 1:
String interpolation: It allows to render the value of a property in the template.

Two-way binding: Through this we can update the value of property of the class and it
will update the value of this prop in any place were is used.

ngIf: It allows us to render conditional content. We can use the else statement to render
content when the condition is false and we would need to use an ng-template to render the
content but also we will need to specify an id for the tempalte.
  When the condition is true it will automatically call the 'then' template which is the
template where we call the ngIf directive.

ngFor: This directive allows to iterate through an array and render its content in the
template. The structure is the following one: *ngFor:"let myObj of collection".
 We can also get the index (position of the element in the array) using the prop 'index'.
 To do this we would do the following: *ngFor:"let myObj of collection; index as i".

Interface: Through this we can specify the properties of an object but also the type of
each property. This allows to avoid problems of objects recieving invalid data.

NgSwitch: This allows to handle multiple conditions under. To handle each case we would use
*NgSwitchCase followed by the condition, and if none of the cases are match we would use
*NgSwitchDefault to render something if it failed.

// Module 2

Decorators: They are part of angular core. They tell the role of the element which could be
a component, pipe, service, etc. And through them we can initialize them by giving them
the requiered properties so that we can start working with them.

Input: When we declare a property as an input. We are telling angular that this property will
recieve data from another component in this case from the parent.

Output: We return data to the parent component by trigerring an event. To do this we need to use
the EventEmitter and we must specify the type of the value that we will return to the parent.
 On the parent side, we need to add an event handler and in the template pass the '$event' as a parameter
so that we method can get the data that the child send.

Component Lifecycle:
 - Constructor
 - NgOnChanges
 - NgOnInit
 - NgDoCheck (Custom NgOnChanges)
 - NgOnDestroy

// Module 3
Pipes: They are another angular feature and they help us to transform text, numbers or dates.
 Angular provides built-in pipes such as dates, uppercase and currency.

Directive: Help us to modify how our element behaves and also we can modify something in the
DOM.
 It's not a good practice to dynamically modify the DOM since we have the Data binding.

// Module 4 - Module & Routes
Routing: When working with routes, we will add them in the app routing module. Basically
we will add these routes under the 'import' property which will be an array of Routes.
 This object contains two main properties: path and component.
 Path: String that tells the path of the url.
 Component: Element that will render under an specific url.

If we want to redirect the user to an specific page, we can use the property 'redirectTo'. We
could also use the property 'pathMatch' to check if the match is full or not.

RouterLink: Through this directive, we will navigate to different sections of the web page.
this will supply the 'href' of an a(anchor) tag so that the page doesn't refresh when going
to a new section.

RouterLinkActive: Through this directive we can pass a CSS class that will apply to element
only when it's active.

Services: They are in charge of retrieving data.

Nested View: Angular provides a way that if multiple components use one or two components we can create
a single component that in its template renders those and the 'router-outlet'.
 And in the app-routing module create a new route and by making use of the children property (which is an array)
define all the routes that will share this component.


Lazy loading: It allows us to load assets, js files, css files, etc. Only when they are needed, this helps a lot
to the performance of the application and the load speed.
 If we want to apply lazy loading we need to have a modulized application.

 IMPORTANT: In angular each module should have a route.

Shared module: Contains elements that could be used in the application.

Core module: Contains elements that are going to be use in the entire application.